Love is ecstasy.
Compassion creates understanding.
Our intuition comes from innocence.
When ego is lost, then universality exists.
Mental happiness is total relaxation.
You are unlimited.
Uplift everybody and uplift yourself.
Life is a flow of love; your participation is requested.
Socialise with compassion, kindness and grace.
Empty yourself and the universe fill you.
When ego is lost, then universality exists.
To be calm is the highest achievement of the self.
May this day bring you peace, tranquility and harmony.
Experience will give you wisdom.
Give forgiveness; that is your greatness.
Live in your strength.
Every smile is a direct achievement.
You are unlimited.
An attitude of gratitude brings opportunities.
Love is an elevated self.
Compassion has no limit. Kindness has no enemy.
Walk in balance on mother Earth.
True surrender is true power.
Let your heart speak to other's hearts.
See me with a new face every day.
Appreciate yourself and honor your soul.
Be compassionate to yourself.
Accept this moment as it is and be in peace.
Walk in balance on mother Earth. 
Raise your words not your voice.
Sit and travel into the deepest part of your being.
Recognize the other person is you.
The art of happiness is to serve all.
We can find ourselves only in someone's mirror. 
Wake up to your own truth.
Without wings, I fly about looking for you. 
We are spiritual beings having a human experience.
Without opening your door, you can know the whole world. 
Give up your limiting beliefs.
Do easy things, before they become too hard.
Do less correcting and more connecting.
Give yourself a chance. 
Give up your resistance to change.
Be not affected by neither praise nor insult. 
When in doubt, do the courageous thing. 
My heart is nothing but the home of god.
Goodness is never fearful.
Beauty resides in your own eyes.
When you let go of what you think life should be, life gets clear.
Whatever you do, be in love.
Let your life become your altar.
One smile may open the world for you.
Patience is looking at the night and seeing the day.
Lucky is the eye that recognises reality.
Life is full of power – live it.
Master yourself.
Life is a working meditation.
Life is flowing – moment to moment – flow with it.
Look for the devil in you, not in others.
One smile may open the world for you.
One who knows himself knows god.
Live with an attitude of gratitude.
Let the disease of ego depart.
Let us go and dwell in the heart of that precious secret.
Look at yourself and remember me.
Live with reverence – for yourself and others.
Live to experience, to give.
Be the answer not the question.
Oh, see the astonishing light of your own being.
One does not make friends. One recognizes them.
Look on everything with an impartial eye.
Look at the optimism of nature.
One day your heart will take you to your lover.
Let silence take you to the core of life.
Let life be with you, not against you.
Look within, everything you want is there.
One’s happiness can make the entire world smile.
Let us not forget that we belong to each other.
Lovers are patient.
A broken heart hides so many treasures.
Love is yearning.
All of nature is listening without ears.
All of nature is singing without tongues.
One's sorrow at the other side of the world can make the entire world suffer.
Life is a flow of love, only your participation in requested.
May this day be a day of peace and joy.
Meditate on your breath of life.
My soul is my guide.
Our intuition lies in our intuition.
My heart is nothing but the home of god.
Patience is looking at the night and seeing the day.
A soul moon appeared in the path of my heart.
Lovers are patient.
A symphony of love playing to the world.
Love spreads knowledge... and Carlos spreads
Accept yourself, you don't have to be accepted by others.
Love knows no barriers, no desires, no needs, no wants.
Love knows the secret way there.
Lose yourself completely, return to the root.
Love is simple, yet a miracle.
Love says "Let yourself, go!"
Love makes you aware.
Apologize if you've hurt.
Apart from love, everything passes away.
Life is sacred.
Know that one day your pain will become your cure.
Love heals.
Life is so hard – how can we be anything but kind?
Love is energy, and energy must move all the time.
Let your life become your altar.
Love is without condition.
Life's picture is constantly undergoing change.
Life is full of power — live it.
More hugging—less tugging.
Let's only say what our hearts desire.
Let's keep silence but make our hearts move.
How can I honor you – how can I serve you.
How quickly do you do, what your soul wants.
How quickly do you do, what your soul wants.
Finger paint more – point the finger less.
Find peace within.
Life is perfect.
If you have little, give of your heart
Remember that pain is only thoughts.
Blessed is the footstep that treads on the path of love.
